Note to inform readers how to change block time (#335)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/setup-nctl.md

<img src={useBaseUrl("/image/nctl/nctl_output.png")} alt="nctl_output"/>

> *Note: The default block-time is 32 seconds. You can change this value by altering `deploy_delay` in resources/local/config.toml*

Reviewer: I don't think we can say that the default block time is 32 seconds for nctl. It seems to be set to 1 min and it depends on the local configuration file. Also, there is no setting called block-time. Please update the explanation and formatting according to the slack discussion.

```suggestion
**Note**: Assuming you have a small nctl network, you can speed up the process of proposing deploys in a new block, thus creating new blocks faster. Reduce the `deploy_delay` in your [local config.toml](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/dev/resources/local/config.toml#L390) before running `nctl-assets-setup`. 
```
